>> New documentary.
>> You can't rule out the fact
that there are things out there
that we can't simply explain.
>> This week on Gaia,
on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> We have to advance our
technology to the point where we
could look in at something
that's alien and try
to understand it.
>> On "Beyond Belief"
with George Noory.
>> Not everything that I see is
going to be harmful or scary.
I'm just trying to make
sense of what I can see.
>> On "Dragonfly
enLightening Talks."
>> We have been sold a myth
that beauty requires dangerous
chemicals.
Is that even true anymore?
>> On "Journeys into the Soul."
>> I tell my grandkids,
life is like a puzzle.
Sometimes you just have to
take a step back and look at it
from a different perspective
because the pieces don't always
fit where you
think they need to.
>> On "Stairway to the Stars."
>> Because if this is where your
journey is and you're supposed
to be over here, it will happen.
It will be done.
>> Only on Gaia.
[MUSIC PLAYING]